Improve accessibility of traffic lights: replacing 🟢🟠🔴 with JustTheDoc's labels. (#531)
UCL-ARC/python-tooling: docs/pages/ci.md

| [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions)                                  | Continuous integration and continuous delivery platform (integrated with GitHub).                                                                   | <span class="label label-green">Best</span>  |
| [AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/docs/)                                            | Continuous integration and continuous delivery platform.                                                                                            | <span class="label label-yellow">Good</span> |
| [Bamboo](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bamboo/bamboo-documentation-289276551.html) | Atlassian continuous integration and continuous delivery platform.                                                                                  | <span class="label label-yellow">Good</span> |
| [Travis CI](https://docs.travis-ci.com/)                                              | Continuous integration and continuous delivery platform.                                                                                            | <span class="label label-yellow">Good</span> |

> | [pre-commit.ci](https://pre-commit.ci/)                                               | A bot that adds a pre-commit job to your GitHub Actions CI, and can automatically fix most trivial linting failures. Free for open-source projects. |  <span class="label label-red">Avoid</span>  |

Reviewer: `pre-commit` used to be labelled green!

Author: ```suggestion
| [pre-commit.ci](https://pre-commit.ci/)                                               | A bot that adds a pre-commit job to your GitHub Actions CI, and can automatically fix most trivial linting failures. Free for open-source projects. |  <span class="label label-green">Best</span>  |
```

Author: Quite the bug.
